# Project-5

  The first step in creating this project was to determine the organizational par of the project. It was decided that the best option would be to have one class, with the constructor be the main source of prodction. Then the first label and test field were made for the slider panel. Next, the slider was created using a JSlider and tick marks. A change listener was used to alter the hamming distance value based on the slider value. After this, the show stations button and station display box were created with the display box being within a JScroll pane. The drop combo box was the next step, and a readFile method was created to loop through an read the file into an arrayList. Next, the calculate HD button was created along with the distance JLabels and text fields. After this, the add station button and test field was created. Once all of the components were created, panels were created to hold all of the left hand components. Those panels were then added to a left side panel. This panel was then added to the frame. Next, the action button for calcuate HD was created using action listener. A method was created to calculate the amount of stations with the given HD to the station chosen, and those results were then placed into the fields. After this, the fields were made not editable. Next, the show stations action was completed, again using an action listener. The station selected from the drop down and the requested HD were used to find the stations that match the desription and place them into a String array. This array is then looped through to create a string which is then set as the text for the plane. Next, the add station action was created using an action listener once again. The text from the text field is retrieved, shortened to 4 characters, and passed in as a parameter to the create drop down method. This method was then altered to allow his, check for duplicates, sort, and redisplay the new stations list. Lastly, the right panel was created. This panel houses two smaller panels for the ascii values and button. The ascii caludation button was created as well as the fields. A method was created to use the station requested and return an int array with the values in a certain order. An action listener was used with the button, and the values were displayed in the text fields. To finish everything off, the javadoc comments were finalized and the javadocs were created for this lab as well as the UML.
